Spring Break in Miami I'm in there
Travis well that's very cold out here so
Kobe would like me to do this very
quickly we'll just make the fastest
interview ever I'm just kidding it's
gonna go forever but I am here with him
it is week nine coverage presented by
Omni slash talked a little bit about how
things have been going so first off one
of things I want to talk to you about
you this the start is split I love
giving him about this even I think
he's probably tilted about it jet was
like.he jet was like I'm gonna be an
analyst desk guy full-time he said CLG
CLG he was like more than anybody else
just like touting them it's like they
got and they just now they're not gonna
make it to playoffs so what's your take
on all that a classic rookie mistake
believing in CLG before the season even
starts ah
he actually doomed them with the
prophecy but yeah I mean honestly a lot
of stuff was up in the air during the
offseason and some of the risky things I
think the two most misplace teams or
actually maybe three would be echo fox
CLG and 100 thieves echo fox because
people weren't sure if they're gonna
explode you know the personalities CLG
because they weren't sure about rain
over you know coming back and you know
the shift without aphromoo if they would
have coordination those turned it out to
be bad echo fox turned out to be
positive and that hundred thieves
actually had an amazing second half of
the split run do you think people didn't
think that 100 I feel like a lot of
people were hyping up entities so this
level like this is an extremely good
finish that's true that's true
so I don't know but yeah a lot of people
you know a from a fans meteos fans they
definitely had a lot of fans that were
like yeah for sure those guys are gonna
you know come in and instantly win but
to me is impressive I think it was above
the bar for me with very happy
did extremely well they made their
playoff buy or playoff spot secured yeah
you made it to playoffs Andy are you
hype for TSM we'll see I mean we had a
rocky season things are looking better
personally I don't think like
the teams of the table savings are doing
too well right now so it gives me more
confidence what do you think of Kobe's
casting the split
great your best caster in na I'll
singing who else in the LCS but no one
stands a chance yeah yeah oh I'm glad
Kobe made it to playoffs to both you
guys made it to playoffs whoo Kobe
always makes the playoffs what if I
don't go to my hear the hotel are you
not going awfully leaked it earlier
unless she was going oh really
bye Andy thank you are you going to
Miami no I I believe can leak stuff I
don't know she's new I'm not gonna stuff
okay do they usually announce I feel
like they don't do an announcement for
who's gonna go to these events like it's
a sort of like the whole team goes yeah
usually not they only do announcements
for the International once so then what
we came she said I'm gonna go oh I got
it out cast it leaked leaked on here
Kobe will be in Miami we don't know if
you're is Steve want a camera at all of
it he'll be in the Greater Miami area
for LCS finals or Disney World
that's an Orlando which is like hours
away who were you planning on going oh
that's that's just failed planning on my
part then I gonna have to change my
ticket now like okay I'm not going
anymore
oh wow are you this interview about this
is always August what are you excited
for Miami though I am actually the art
looks really cool that's the first thing
that got me hyped up they actually did
it a few weeks ago actually maybe like a
month ago but the art looked really cool
to get me kind of you know hyped up for
for the area because last time I went to
Florida it was Tallahassee and I feel
like you know the enough time has passed
but it was not what you were hoping for
yeah but I have high hopes for Miami
have you done this will be probably the
first spring break you've gone to for a
while because it is during spring break
some people swing races look right now
but if spring break is still continuing
spring break in Miami I'm in there
Travis very good I'm excited for it I
just I love the idea of you showing up
and like swim a swimsuit and a tank top
like her
heard the weather is gonna be like very
rainy and really that that's some random
it's a third party that I don't even
remember who told me that but someone
did
I'm that's good for me to look up
because I'm planning trying to plant hot
line League live right now and we were
looking at outdoor venture it's a little
bit right if it rains that would be
disastrous uh you talked a lot about
hundred thieves and CLG and echo fox no
one talks about clutch do you think
clutching it up where everybody expected
them um no I think coach also is one of
the other new organizations that I think
performed very well people had maybe a
little like people expected because of
the core Apollo Jaco Lyra you know I
feel like the best parts of envy were
taken and then upgraded with solo laners
and people were pretty confident in
fibbin I think they also performed a bit
you know higher than the preseason
expectations
it wasn't like miraculously higher but
also definitely a good showing you know
more of the controlled game I guess do
you think they have a chance in playoffs
because even though I don't know if
they're fourth now because they labor
third at the end of last week right but
I think they might be fourth now he's
130 speedom but do you think they have a
chance to playoffs because I believe
what they've only beaten echo Fox on the
on the for the top teams right yeah I
think that all of the teams that make it
into playoffs are gonna have a decent
chance the playoffs race is very close
and with both the positive things as
well as the mistakes that we're seeing
from a lot of these teams yeah the
playoff byes they're gonna be very
important because you know just getting
past one team and having that guaranteed
spot it's gonna be great do you think
fans should discount hunter thieves and
clutch and echo Fox chances at this
because I I do feel like when you look
at like a CLG TL or a TSM that those
guys have four more experience in like
longer series longer sets and sort of
the playoff scenarios I I wouldn't
discount anyone
and a lot of the new teams have old
older players on them a lot of veterans
like you're talking about experience and
the new teams like aphromoo and meteos
and yeah so I definitely wouldn't what
are the chances that TSM doesn't make
his Finals for the first time ever and
he's gone now that he's gone he's like
four more feet away yeah I'll put the
microphone closer you can just man I the
thing is when I like the people I've
been meeting in the halls there's
players and coaches and stuff still one
of the first names that they'll say when
they're talking about you know teams
that they're worried about in playoffs
is TSM so even though they had such a
rocky split the at least the feedback
from the teams and scrims and stuff
which you can't always trust looks
positive any other thoughts on the split
any highlights for you any fun moments
about it general thoughts on it cuz it
was a very different split forum I think
what we've seen for a while not not only
a format change but also new rosters and
just a lot of different stuff I really
have liked doing the lounge stream so if
we have the alternate stream where we're
just in the LCS lounge with some players
or you know coaches or owners and stuff
and it's fun to actually be able to cast
the game and not have to cast and
actually just bullshitting with your
friends cuz I'm like you have good
relationships you know with all the
people so it's basically just like
watching the games with your friends
you only have done the one so far right
I did only did one with Steve and oh I
was sick for the other one yeah yeah I
look for the other one no no I did too I
also did one with spendin mithi ha
that's right that's right don't ha I was
asking questions it's not a competition
and my memory is not that good so you
made me second-guess my memory and it
pulled through for once I mean the best
part is when I asked I I feel like I
should know this stuff
I never feel bad when I don't because I
last like a player like who are you
playing tomorrow again and they'll be
like who'd you play last week
who did you just play five minutes ago
that you just
I forget you know it's just like people
don't people the people involved in the
LCS are there just what's going to
clueless buffoons over here yeah and
that's that's really what everyone needs
to know about the LCS speaking of the
weather which we did at the start of
this what's up with this LA cold weather
that is like one of your all-time worst
questions what's up with the weather I'm
not ending you know I'm stalling cuz I
said that I was gonna make this one go
long so intentionally ass I don't know
it's crazy it's cold
I mean I don't think I needed to be that
extreme but Andy's back what's up Andy
do you have something else to add this
is a long interview yeah did you want to
talk to Kobe you guys are all very
special to me thank you goodbye
all right fine he's giving us he's
playing the music the Academy Awards
music longest one ever pull in some
golden Guardians here what's up yeah
how's it going Matt it's going good you
know I was walking past and I was
wondering if you're gonna drop another
Kobe fact like by the way I got a gold
medal by the way I went to the 84 Berlin
you know whatever world I got a gold
medal you got anything I'm gonna have to
come up with some more Kobe stats but
apparently everybody got all three of
this that's right for some reason any
anything that you would what do you what
have you thought about Kobe's casting
the split well I didn't really watch any
of like when I watch like YouTube buds I
don't have the casting out boy really
you know when I was a fan you know back
when I was like I guess the Challenger
player logging 2015 Kobe was my favorite
caster for sure
and now that you're a player who's your
favorite caster I think you're escaping
the frame by the way the players don't
like any of you I like I like casters
but I think beyond the bottom teams - I
feel like some casters kind of just you
know talked a little bit down on the
bottom teams doesn't feel too good
which caster is the work of the most who
does that with the most I mean I've had
the muted for a while so I could have
chained
but I think equally everyone actually
don't wait who is Irene you know Zarin
actually talks his pretty talks about
it's pretty well exam wait he he's good
or he talks the most so you need to
work on being rather looking for
negative yeah I was looking for who
bites right right I'm looking for I just
you know LCS anything else yes it used
to be really tense like Saint vicious
will just come in like trash everybody
I'm you know everybody's so friendly now
I'm just trying to bring back a little
bit of that heat to Khushi now actually
a 20 minute interview we did the whole
fan interaction with the TSM TSM has the
longest line out of any teams and we
just went to a whole line what's the run
time 12 minutes it's 12 to all that it's
wacky I consistently do longer
interviews on this is there here's a
whiner is there anything that you would
like to say Matt I'm gonna free you from
I'll release you now you can you can
hang out but we're just going to wrap up
the interview who's the meanest
interview yeah everyone loves you
because we says Travis what you said
sorry I had the microphone just rude
is there anything you want to say at the
end of this interview Kobe Travis is
rude you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel yes Peter yes
the money's in your account
I know yes the whole 20k yes where I
realize yeah okay I'll talk listen I
need you to subscribe to this YouTube
channel costs of production are going up
dramatically I I can't get into
specifics because I'm down under an NDA
that a pro player made me sign but the
costs are pretty high so thank you so
much to Omni slash for making this
happen and please subscribe because it's
it's getting tough